[docs] Callbacks (#5735)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/callback.md

specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Pipeline callbacks

> The denoising loop of a pipeline can be modified with custom defined functions using the `callback_on_step_end` parameter. This can be really useful for *dynamically* adjusting certain pipeline attributes to modify tensor variables. The flexibility of callbacks opens up some interesting use-cases such as changing the prompt embeddings at each timestep, assigning different weights to the prompt embeddings, and adjusting the guidance scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The denoising loop of a pipeline can be modified with custom defined functions using the `callback_on_step_end` parameter. This can be really useful for *dynamically* adjusting certain pipeline attributes, or modifying tensor variables. The flexibility of callbacks opens up some interesting use-cases such as changing the prompt embeddings at each timestep, assigning different weights to the prompt embeddings, and adjusting the guidance scale.
```
